End this section we're going to be taking a look at spring down tools and we reload death tolls and
we're reload when combined together are great do all the power tools when you actually developing web
applications and any kind of spring applications.
Their tools provides you the software capabilities that you can instantly change the application behavior
and liberal out simply an extension of that in the browser so that you can see your changes that way.
To show you how it works I'm going to be making use of our spring and we see application for doing that.
I'm simply going to open up my spring and we see application
and can make use of spring day tools and we reload.
We have to do a couple of things.
First we have to get the spring daybed tools dependency and for that I'm going to open up Firefox and
go to maybe a repository and I'll say Mayrant repository and into maybe a repository.
I'm going to be looking at spring day Tilse
And here we have it and let's get the latest version which is 1.5 to and I'm going to copy dependency
and switch back to my ID and in my palm file I'm going to add it right below the trap door.
Here we go.
We have our own tools dependency and Maybin as a result when you're right now to make use of their tools.
We have to be enabling hot swapping in our ID and for doing that in the intelligence we have to be making
a change in the registry of the application.
So to do that I'm going to be searching for the registry and I'll use command shift and a and I'll be
looking for registry and in the registry the property that I'm looking for is the compiler dot automake
that allow dot when dot app running.
So let's go down below and find the property that we're going to change and in decompiler I'm going
to be switching on compiler automake allow went up is running so I'll hit the tech and I'm going to
close.
And as you can see from the notification right here we have to we're starting our ID to make changes
in effect.
So I'm simply going to close my ID and then restart it.
And I'm going to open up my project again.
Here we go.
We are ready to test out their tools but before we actually see the changes in our browser we have to
be using the literal load extension and for doing that I'm going to use.
So far it is time and I'll open up Safari and I'll be looking for the reload and spring
and his search results.
We have the hot swapping options for spraying and in the official page I'm going to go to the world
dot com and I'm going to get the Safari extension.
I'm simply going to open it up and cross it so that it can be installed in my extensions list.
All right.
I have my little rural extension installed.
And as you notice we have a new icon right here.
It's for the literal load extension to test out our extension.
I'm going to run my application and switch back to Safari again.
So I'll simply run my application now.
And our application is starting up.
Here we go to see our changes in effect I'm going to use a side by side window.
So I'm going to shrink down my intelligent window and put it right here.
And let's shrink down our navigation and maybe we can even get rid of it and right next to it.
I'm going to use my Safari window and to show you how it works.
I'm going to run my application so far that I'm going to go to 80 89.
And here we have our application.
So let's try and change something and see it instantly.
To do that I'll change my product's navigation and say it's going to be products list.
And when I say it as you can see from the left side of the screen our navigation button is now updated
with the products list that I just provided.
And this also changed the spring in the application text right here.
So for doing that I'm going to say and we see Kreta application.
And when I hit say here we go we have our changes instantly appearing on our browser and you can really
simply extend this behavior to any kind of spring component that you have.
You're not just limited with the text or images in your application.
You can simply swap your components and other things as well.
Feel free to check out spring day tools and liberal out and play around with it in your development
environment and make sure that you only keep your daily tools dependency only in your development purposes.
Otherwise it's not a very nice thing to have it in a production grade application.
Hope you can make use of this spring down tools and roll out in your projects and I'll be seeing you
in the next video.